
Dr. Jennifer (she/her) [Jul 10, 2021 at 9:56 AM]
So good to meet you Ivy! Your medications have been sent to the pharmacy as follows: 

Estradiol valerate 20 mg/ml, inject 0.25 ml subcutaneous once weekly, dispense one 5 ml vial for 30 days, 1 refill
18 g 1 inch needles, 12 for 90 days, 3 refills (for drawing up)
25 g 5/8 inch needles, 12 for 90 days, 3 refills (for injecting)
1 ml leur lock syringe, 12 for 90 days, 3 refills

Please use the vial until it's empty. Keep it in a clean, dry place and be sure to clean the top of the vial with alcohol and always use a new sterile needle to draw up!

If you will be using injections (or even considering them in the future), here are some injection teaching videos we made that can be a helpful resource: 
https://getplume.co/patient-resources/
PW: foryoureyesonly

Please call the pharmacy first to make sure they have everything in stock and ready to pick up. Also be sure to be clear whether you are paying cash with GoodRx or using your insurance when you arrive to the pharmacy. You can use goodrx at the pharmacy to reduce the cost of your medication. Just type in your medication on this website: https://www.goodrx.com/.

Please notice your prescriptions have refills available. So, when you finish your current supply, you can just request a refill from the pharmacy without having to contact us first. I'll always make sure you have enough refills when I review your labs. If you will be late getting labs scheduled and don't have refills left at the pharmacy, please give me a shout so you do not go without meds! 

When your labs are due, we will send a reminder message with instructions on how to find a Quest service center and then will text the results and recommendations to you in-app. You don't need to schedule any follow-up visits with Plume after today - just text us any time you have questions! But, if you do feel a need to discuss by phone or video, please let us know and we can help set something up. 

Always let us know if you have any questions and congrats again on getting started with Plume and trusting us with your health! We are so happy for you!! 

Take good care! - Dr. Jen
