
Hey I'm rescheduling with this girl if you want dibs on any daysNo one is showing this shit movie 😂Ohhhh. Let's see we still have museum time next Saturday, right?YepOk I can take a hint lolWait no that's just me making sure that one is still locked in!Oh I thought you were saying I was greedyWhich I amYou're allowed to be selfish. I had a really good talk with someone about how it's good to be selfish, recontextualizing it as you're the only self you know.They put it really well and I'm not doing it justice here...Well then when are you free next? I want you..Would you be down for a low key evening on Monday? Dinner, watch a movie or some TV? I want to spend time with you and also show that I don't need the promise of sex to spend time with you.Although I do owe you, so I would be down for sexy time that is not at all about meI want to watch something and snuggle and order something and makeout and see what happens without as much time restrictionOk. So I never watched the princess bride. Throwing that out as a possible movie. But I'm also down to show you star trek DS9 if that sounds like something you're down for. Or just browse and see what strikes us in the moment.Did we talk about that movie or?Nope. Just throwing it out there as like. A common movie I've never seen that a lot of people are surprised I've never seen 😆I just swiped on a guy because his bio mentioned it. I'm a fan since childhood LolAlthough it super doesn't pass the bechdel testI'm not super surprised by that 😆Oh..  I could also cook for us. Maybe a chicken and rice or chicken and potato fish of some sort?I'm up for either. Although television lends itself better to interruptionOk, true I can cook you know. It's not something I advertise because I don't want anyone thinking I'm actually going to do it very often.But I have some culinary talent for sureThat sounds stressful though. Let's just be lazy...OkBut another time it could be super funOh and I will have Connie on mondayThat's ok. She'll warm up to me eventually. She is little goof She's not wrong to be concerned I'll steal youI'll shareHeheGood morning! Looking forward to a cozy night tomorrow.. Got anything fun on the agenda today?Biking, picking up Connie. Might stroll gem showWhere do you go biking?City streets seem sketchy and less fun than, say, being further out and getting to see the desert. Or are there nature trails near you?I take the loop from Cushing street to Valencia and backAnd then I'll try to do more street biking, but that's less exercise and more just commuting Have you ever tried rowing? That's what I'm into for exercise these days. I'm being called to do yoga which annoys me I don't like being told what to doIn general. I can think of exceptions...HeheAnd yeah! My gym has a rowing machine I've started usingYou've got the right body type for the actual sportYes, but the wrong home city 😆Oh speaking of which, the sky is different depending on where you were actually born and at what time, but a general compatibility chart looks interestingI'm a crazy person now. I used to look down on astrology girlsYeah astrology is one thing I'm not sure if I can be on board with. The notion that the die is cast at birth and that's what you have to deal with forever just doesn't fit into my world view. But maybe I have an overly simplistic understanding of astrology.Also, I am a banana when I do fitness ridingI know, this is an extremely flattering look 😉Expanded birth charts help, but one could argue that just gives more data to apply my bias to so that it seems like there's even more hits. It's kinda like, I'm tapped into things so if I feel called to look at a chart then it'll be more accurate for that situation. Worst case scenario it's another psychological tool like journaling or tarot. "I think this guy's is no good for me" *checks chart* "I knew it!" Now that woman has the courage to act on her intuition to break up with her shitty boyfriend, ya know?Ok I like youWe can be friendsBut on the flip side, can that be used to stick it out with an abusive boyfriend? "Oh, we're meant to be, it's written in the stars" versus tarot is guided mindfulness. I feel like astrology crosses into like... Forced thought pattern? I'm not articulating this well, I thinkAnd this isn't me looking down on you for using it, I'll give you information about myself for it and everything. I just don't put much stock in this one thing is all.I am jumping in the shower nowSometimes someone's path is to justify staying with an abusive boyfriend with astrology Hey me tooI'm running super late though. I got a tea date!Was picking up the Connie. Hope your date goes well 😉It's going pretty good actually! 😊I'm home. We're taking it slow. They're very attracted to me, but they've gone quicker with the last handful of dates than they'd like and promised themself they'd wait. Which is a green flag I think. And talking about it is good. We're definitely supposed to be friends either way. I think we're gonna see a movie sometime How're you?Nice! Spent some time trying to crochet tonight No idea if this is going well or not 😆I saw a cute little crochet succulent coaster set today AwwwIt looked like an easyish projectI think you should decide it is going wellIs it a chick or a duck?It's so cute either way Chick!Kiki is a pretty good name too honestlyDo you usually pick up new hobbies or is this more of a new thing?You seem like you like novelty This is a new thingThought it would be a nice thing to do while watching TV instead of doom scrolling And I kinda want to make myself a scarf one dayTwo screens is a dark place honestlyI like your scarf looks..I'm really looking forward to tomorrow. A nice night in is something I'm due forI really like being out of my comfort zone lately though Sometimes it's good to just be cozy and relaxI do need snuggles something fierceDefinitely looking forward to a nice, relaxing, slow night tonight 😘I was just thinking about it actually. I decided I'm gonna leave my vape pen here. I want to be on the same level as you. If you ever want to take some edibles that could be fun though.I do have some edibles at home! Awesome! So I think you talked about wanting to learn an instrument. What would you want to play?Diana missed me so much!Awww hi kittyAnd no, I like listening to music, but no real interest in learning to play. I did play trombone once upon a time, but I just don't feel like revisiting thatI could've sworn you said something about the violin. Check out this instrument I made!There's no strings on it right now. I made that bridge from scratch It's adjustable for intonation Very cool!I might have mentioned I was interested in it at one point in time. My childhood friend, Robert played violin. Sometimes I would try to play it at his house. That's not why I asked. I was at my mom's house and then noticed itDo you want to borrow mine?It's pretty good. Needs a new bow, but it has strings and rosinI honestly wouldn't do anything with it. I've given up on the idea of playing music a very long time ago.Gotcha. Besides you got your wooble buddyThank you for the offer, though. It is very kind and I do appreciate ithey, what time do you want to come over tonight?I can come over around 530-6ish or I can hang downtown a bit if you needOr if you want to pick me up later on the evening that could workthat's all good with me. i'm pretty much done with work, but a friend called me and we're kinda gossiping and stuff. she is going through a breakup.i'd be good to pick you up as soon as i get off the phone?If she needs you I can wait 😊yeah. i'm still down for tonight. i'll let you know as soon as i get off the phoneNo worries! Looking forward to it!ok, i just got off the phone and am free nowLol ok. I have a ride. I'll see you about 530!ok, perfect!Running late of course. Not my fault for once though. Hehehe 😉I'll be there a little after 6Ok cool! Gimme a buzz as you get close and I'll head to the lobby to let you in 😊The sun had a really pretty rainbow haloHere!Thanks again for a wonderful night 😘Mmhmm, thank you too ❤️*passes out satisfied*Mmmm. Good morning 😘Morning! I discovered minor carpet burns on my elbows which is pretty hotThere's a protest that starts at the downtown library at 1. I can't go sadly..ohhhhh. i hadn't heard of this. protesting trump? i could goDon't do it! You're already far too attractive lolany info on it? i guess that's enough for me to just stroll up, but i'm not seeing anything about it on the tucson subredditthis was one of the benefits of me moving downtown, i can hop on things like this a lot easierI saw about it on blue sky somewhere, but I can't find it right nowI finally stopped having esophageal spasms 🥲Oh that sounds like it might be related to sex, but no it's a chronic thing that just happens to me randomly lolOhhh okAdam and Eve ever send you a sex swing?Yeah, I have an over the door swing I just got like two days agoHahahahahahaIt was sitting in its box on your side of the bed 😆Goddamnit, I love this worldBeing alive rulesI did get here late because I lost track of time, but no sign of a protest 😞But I did see on Reddit there will be one by city hall tomorrowIt said something about marching to one of the state reps office Or something. At least you get some steps in? What time?Noon tomorrowGot to see some nice doggiesAwe! 🤩 I get to go on a friend date with my ex 😊We need to see much less of each other, but we're still friends so we gotta maintain thatYeah, hopefully that'll make it easier to co-parent together? At least in the long run?Oh for sure.Hey I want to address something. You expressed yesterday that you didn't want me to feel obligated to have sex with you. In that same vein, while I'm open to being spoiled, I'm interested in your companionship. Genuinely if you just want to go to Taco Bell and then fool around, that sounds great 😘Awww, thank you 😊 I forgot how upscale the Monica is, but I didn't go into that planning on spoiling you, just a happy accident 😉The mood is different in that place when I stop for lunch randomly 😆But a nice beaut burger or ramen from kukai sounds like a nice relaxing time 😊That sounds nice ☺️I guess I just feel vaguely weird about money 😬. Like maybe you'll judge me for being broke or just the general taboo nature of it. I don't really look at people's jobs on the apps unless they're a bearded lady in the circus or something wild (I swiped right, obviously). I was intrigued by your honesty and growth mindset and then further reeled in with your communication. And then a bunch of stuff further attracted me 🤩. It didn't occur to me that you might be doing even moderately well financially until we were already set to go on a date. I don't know. I could be wrong, but I imagine some of the women interested in you factor it in the same way some of the guys that are interested in me are chasers. And I don't want you to feel that way. Maybe I'm just really stoned and should have just written this in a journal 🙃no it's ok to talk about it. you raise good points. maybe that's just part of my privilege of not even really considering this angle fully?i don't knowit might be my love language.wrapped up in some stuff.I really like you so I think I'm trying to anticipate things that could go wrong so I can feel in controlso for example, during the pandemic i would just buy my friends games they express interest in so that we could play together.But really I need to loosen my attachment which feels much betterand they had expressed feeling slightly weird about it, but to me i wasn't showing off, i was just enabling an experience of us having fun together playing a game onlinenowmy dad was extremely weird about money. treating it like we never had it despite the fact that we did (i didn't fully realize how well off we really were until like, mid to late high school)and he just always saved it. so i view it as something to spend on experiences.he would yell at my mom if she spent money on things he didn't agree we actually "needed". so i guess in an effort to not be like my dad, i try to be a little looser with it.I've been appreciating it as your love language. You like dopamine so you're like, "would you like some too?" And ya. I realize I would actually. It feels nice. Thanks lol.And being open to receiving is a kick I'm on, but I don't want you to feel obligated. The date I'm taking you on is free and it's going to be the best one yet ok!I'm picking up free passes for the moma at the library that day. The library rulesit does! i finally got a library card for the first time in tucson last monthSome locations have seeds!My library in Oregon had board games and instruments...ohhhhand yeah the downtown one has seedsHave you ever gotten in a float tank?I have not, but that sounds like a wonderful experience I don't know why my phone decided not to notify me of your text...I did have to manage some insecurity about that lol. I did pretty good. I know I can act needy, but I really don't want to feel as if my mood or self worth is contingent on anything external. And I know it's not, but it's a habit, especially from old relationships.Ya I did a handful of floats when I lived in Portland. I think it's right up your alleyGetting high on one's own supply That would be cool. It sounds super interesting. And like, I like bath tubs in general. It's a shame I rarely fit in them 😢Ya the water is exactly skin temp so you can't feel it. All you can hear is your blood pumping and your breath. There's an effect where currents redirect you to the middle so I've been comfy even in the smallest tank I've been in.You gotta get out to pee which could be an issue for you though. They have to replace all the epsom salt if you do lol😆I'm having a hard day. My ex is being particularly unkind today. I'd think someone who needs so much from me while offering so little would at least be cordialI'm sorry you're experiencing that 😭 some people are just very irrational. It's because of them, not you.I know and while there is some amount of rejection sensitivity going on, I'm mostly concerned about what the strain will do to my kids. Raine (my ex spouse) is counting on my choice being to either put up with it or see my kids less. And of course I'm going to pick putting up with it. And so I'm going to keep getting used and mistreated. It's triggering because I chose to leave because of this crap, but I'm not going to leave my kid's lives. On some level it feels like I'm betraying myself though. Take all the time you need to respond BTW. I know you're busy and this is a lot.It is a lot, and you don't deserve it. There is a third option. Fight to defend yourself and show them you won't be a pushover. You don't deserve to have your ex walk all over you and disrespect you.Also, did not got arrested at today's protestI did talk to them and it caused the whole thing earlier, but now they're getting back to me about it and being suspiciously reasonable. Thanks for talking to me about it and I'm glad you didn't get arrested! 😘 Were there a lot of arrests today?Oh no it was super low key and good. 