
It isn't, "What should I choose?" Or even "How do I avoid hurting myself and others?" It's asking if I and/or we are able to handle that difficulty. And the answer is always yes.



The assessments regarding XR reputation, "brand", and the swell of recent activism are more  subtle than at first glance. There are several issues to unpack. Difficult in a chat setting.

Quick bits:
If XR is a brand, then I am against it. Corporate media, back in the day, managed to brand it as "middle class bleeding hearts obstructing workers from getting to work." Part of the successful marginalization of an actual threat to power.

XR's original mission, in the UK, was to spark a popular uprising that would force government and corporate power to end all ecocidal policies ASAP. Short term this did not work, yet the necessity remained, even more urgently. Obviously, the pandemic crushed XR and most all of the climate groups. 

Despite corporate / government branding, the simple name, Extinction Rebellion, defines itself to those who are new to the idea, like few if any other justice campaigns: without true rebellion against our genosuicidal economic system, humans will soon not exist.

Concerns of locals who were previously involved with XR, not a large number, are not based in the present, but mostly several years in the past. Most of these I completely agree with: National meetings were a painful SLOG through lots of strong individual opinions, with little structure to hold a decentralized organization together. Whereas at the local level, we were quite successful engendering enthusiasm, creativity, donations, and dedicated volunteers. Lockdowns knocked that out and the vibe eventually mostly disappeared, while the urgency kept accelerating.

Objectively, despite corporate branding and long time activists' experiences, very few Americans have even heard the idea or name Extinction Rebellion. Gregarious me talks music, food, poetry, art, philosophy, and science all day with whoever, mostly with folks I don't know. I've almost NEVER  met someone who'd even heard of XR that wasn't already an activist. 

And so, if part of the attraction to XR is that climate and ecological collapse is the overpowering, unavoidable dark underbelly of all injustices, that can / could be an anchor for fighting all ongoing inequities, as well as all the targeted oppressions and suppressions now being enforced by our current deep dive into overt fascism. XR now has a well-thought-out decentralized structure, and long experience with NVDA of all stripes. 

Overall, I identify with the criticisms and concerns about XR. As soon as you do anything meaningful, the corporate / state branding, aimed at the public, as well as corporate and government attacks and marginalization, will resume full force. The question is, with the sudden proliferation of new and conglomerated groups demanding justice on a multitude of tough roads, will they fare any better garnering popular support in the face of the inevitable backlash. In my mind, this is not clear.

Some of the new (and older) groups do not embrace NVDA, but only protests, which I find do not rise to meet the level of outrageous policies and utterly destructive actions now being worked upon us.

The concerns about XR history are real, yet I find the potential of addressing the full slate of brutal injustices through XRUS, whose constant call is already for justice, is an avenue worth considering in some detail. Heck, if Astronomy Club came up with or partnered with an existing group that is both attractive and effective, I personally am ready to sign up and join in! 

Sorry to spiel on for so long.  Plenty to consider.. Great that Astro Clubbers are thinking. Love that! 😊