
Conceptually yeah. But like, cities are one of our greatest inventionsThe way I see it, empire will crumble. Empire is a state of mind of trying to ossify a status quo. But entropy will always break the wall. And when it does, local community will be the strongest thing in the local polityHistorically, that's how this goes down, most timesI'm glad I'm branching out and getting to know more people. I was an addict so most of my friends are dead or not worth knowing anymore. Hopefully no one has to hide in any attics. 😁Yeah....Nazi Germany is a kind of exception to the historical trend... Not thrilled that it's also the most recent oneI'm pretty hopeful. You said there's a protest on the 22nd? What time and where?Yeah. It's at the plaza in front of city hall downtown1 pmDopeI won't be at that one, that's a buddy's birthday. But I'll be at one same time and place but on Wednesday the 19thAnd I'm just seeing a new one getting discussed for the 17thI'm still going. As nice as it would be to have a tall friend aroundHehe. There are some pretty tall people there!I really only swipe on tall people of all genders. It's nice to not be as relatively giant. It's my one superficiality I really liked being held by you yesterday. Nobody has ever done thatHehehe, it was niceI'm having freeze dried tangerines for the first time and it's blowing my mindIve never even considered that as an option 🤯The sour and bitter comes through and makes it really complex. Like an Italian sodaI ate them allHey I'm seeing a movie with a friend tonight. I can't do Tuesday or Wednesday except later in the evenings so realistically not those days. Friday I'm going to a concert with friends. I can do Sunday evening. I'm making plans for a 2nd date either Saturday or Thursday and I thought you might want first pick since you're busy and probably already booked lolwould you be offended if i don't lay a claim to either day? this is not me saying i've lost interest or pushing you away. but thursday i am doing things with friends and saturday being the day after valentines day i'm anticipating just wanting to sit on my couch and watch tv by myself and work on my crochet project and feel some emotions.I made it clear what I'm looking for. It's ok if you aren't interested in pursuing me. I don't want to change you.I'm looking for people who know what they want and go after it. Sorry if I came on too strong. Let me know if you start looking for something more serious? I do really like you.and i will pursue you later 😉 but i do need some down time to quietly gather my thoughts sometimes. and sometimes that looks like maybe even a full week of just being quiet. it's not novelty wearing off. i do want you, and maybe this is the exhaustion from this weekend speaking but i need some time to recharge.No worries. I can't promise my availability will be what it is now by then though.i understand that, i'm not asking you to wait around pining after me while i recharge or anything crazy. and i like to chat with you still, i'm not saying don't talk to me for a week or anything like that. i'm going to work on my sleep, do some of my solo mindfulness stuff that i haven't had much time to work on between everything else this weekend, do a little gardening, both literally and maybe metaphorically in my mindI'm just warning you that while I catch feelings fast, I often lose them quickly as well. And maybe it's not rational, but my body certainly seems to think this is you losing interest and she's inclined to return the favor when that happens . Not sure I can do anything about that.I guess let me know how you feel when you do lolok, well i'm certainly not asking you to change yourself to fit around me like you're not asking me to change. and i do want to be clear i do like you. but i get you feel the way you feel. i just hope i'm communicating and representing myself clearly.Honestly I am pretty confused. It all feels like hot/colding and mixed messages. I know our minds work very differently. Maybe this is getting lost in text in a way that it wouldn't in person. You're like an alien sometimes. I feel like you don't know what you want. I won't be just another option for the right people. Either you gotta have me or you don't. I know that's intense, but I'm intense. I don't need promises or silly rules, but I want to feel special and a lukewarm, "see you next week maybe" doesn't do it for me.Take the time you need I guess. I know it's how you recharge and figure this stuff out. you're not someone i can just replace with someone else, you are a special person to me. you are intense in a good way. but that intensity does burn away at me a bit, if you don't mind a very messy metaphor. like, i am still feeling exhausted and off my game at work from staying up so late on saturday. i need to also protect my peace and recover my sleep debt to make sure i don't slide down a path back into my addiction. sleep problems are extremely important to me and staying up to 3 am triggers mental alarms for me that i am at risk. so i need to protect that.I was concerned about that too. I expressed that. I also think we're at our best during the day. I kinda hoped that would lead naturally to day dates thoughmy recovery consists of something called lines of behavior. top lines are good healthy things. hanging out with friends, communicating, having healthy sex, doing yoga, etc. middle lines are not a loss of sobriety, but are bad actions that are risky and can lead to loss of sobriety. one of them is staying up late. and the bottom line is  loss of sobriety activities. bad sex, pornography, but also less obvious things like isolating behavior. and that one is real tricky for me to navigate because the line between harmful isolation and peaceful solidarity is super blurry and confusing still I kinda wish I was your neighbor so I could pop in and suck you off real quick.i know, and i appreciate how aware and concerned you are about it. and i'm thinking about the fact that i think the healthy thing i should have done was just say "this sex was a lot of fun, but i accept i'm just not cumming tonight and i'm ok with that because i still had a lot of fun with someone i care about"I said I was ok with that...yeah, i know. and yet how did i respond to it? did i lose sobriety saturday night? i legit do not know right now.that is scary to meYou're scared of getting addicted to me?not addicted to you per se, but that it's easier for me to return to my addictive behaviors around youWhat would constitute bad sex in regard to sobriety?I think I've been a good influence on you. I can see you growing and healingThe ways you challenge me have been helpful...I might have a leg up on you here inasmuch as I forsaw this conversation and already cried about it lolbeing disconnected, having sex because i need sex rather then because we're sharing a moment which naturally leads to sextransactional sexIt's ok to need sexThere's always going to a mismatch in libido even with multiple partnersI thought the other night was really balanced and romantic and sweet. And liked letting you use me in the endthank you for being so patient with... whatever it is i am doing here lolWhat I want to do is just mutual masturbation/making out moreso. there is a little bit of me that is like scared of sex.wrapped up in fear of disappointment maybe? i don't knowBecause you're scared of losing autonomy?i think it's because i'm afraid of... i have this idea in my head. but it's not like other ideas. it's very hard for me to focus on it.it like, slips away from my view when i try to look at itWell that was probably our most disappointing sex and I was still really happy to have worked through stuff. We have healing to do still ya know?I believe in you. I know you got this just because you're thinking about it and it's important to you.You'll get there.. even if one of us moves on we definitely needed each other for whatever this was. I really hope you realize there's something special happening here thoughthank youi doI think the way we're connected we both have to be working on ourselves at the same time for it to work you know? So part of the problem is you are on my mind so much I don't live my own life as much or I'm distracted. So for you to figure out how you feel I have to not give a shit how you feel and get back to my work.Which is super hard for meBut the truth is the only relationship that matters is the one I have with myself. Ughyeahit's a hard circle to square for sureI wish the topic of how you feel about me wasn't so fraught☹️You got anything going on today?Working, and then this afternoon I'm going to a manicure and then going on an evening hike with someoneOh sounds fun! I've never had a manicure myselfI did paint my toenails for you in case we ended up doing that thing we talked about lolHeheheYou let everyone else know about your plans to take a break or just me?So it's more like I'm just not planning stuff beyond a certain date with people. But there are also people I haven't seen in weeks. For example the woman I'm hiking with today I haven't seen in like 2.5 weeks. But this was something we planned on Thursday. I'm just not creating new plans for at least a week. Ok. Hey how many people are you seeing and having sex with? How far along are those relationships? I need to know what kind of time and energy you actually have for meincluding you, i'm seeing 9 people, and having sex with 3 peopleyou're the only person i see multiple times a weekOk damn. Ya we want different thingssome of those 9 i've only seen once but we text and might see each other once a month in the future. one of them lives in my building and she's really just a friend, but we met through bumble. we've never even kissed and have been talking for 2 months, so like, we haven't talked about it but we're firmly in platonic friendship territoryOk. You freaked me out. If that's how we count things then I'm "seeing" more than just you and Deidra lolWhat about the more serious ones?so i have a past of lying and hiding information by downplaying things until i can convince myself i can just sweep it under the rugso for the sake of transparencyyou: well, you know my relationship with you, i suspect 😉 there's always the interpretation that maybe i have a different idea of it. but i would say we are good friends that like to get freaky. but like, good friends that also talk about deep shit.alex: the woman i'm hiking with tonight and the other woman i'm pretty serious with. i've gone on like 5 dates with her over the past few months, she's another woman i've had sex with regularly. good friends, also talk about a lot of deep stuff and obviously get spicy.allison: solid friend i've gone on a number of dates with. mostly talk about lighter stuff. we've made out but not had sex. she wants to take things slowly and we might never have sex and i'm ok with that.alyssa: friend in my building. we've never kissed. she mostly invites me to a group of friends she has to do pub trivia and stuff like that. pretty light conversation overall.jade: been on two dates with her. never kissed. started to talk about some deep stuff. don't have another date scheduled with her but might in like another 1 or 2 weeks.lilianna: someone i have good strong conversation with. been on just one date with her. super casual but we talk about mental health but don't get too into traumatic details. definitely getting vibes, but we're on a like once a month take of schedule.michelle: half of a couple i met on fetlife lol. so uh. had sex with her once. this is super casual. i'm actually not sure if i'm going to continue this relationship much longer. it's .... kinda weird fiona: woman i went on the first date with this past friday. friendly banter. she has a busy schedule so i might only see her once in a while. conversation is like. mostly light but touches upon deeper stuff sometimes about mental health in general without going too into the traumatic past.emy: this was the first date i told you about after the first time we had sex a few weeks ago. haven't been on another date with her yet but we do have something we scheduled last week for this wednesday. super casual. haven't kissed yet.gabby: went on a first date with her back in like december, probably won't see her again until march but we talk sometimes. super casual friendship, mostly talk about political action stuff and environmentalism because of her line of work.arielle: i haven't met her in person yet but we have been talking pretty seriously. no dates planned at all yet. 