
Hey I'm rescheduling with this girl if you want dibs on any daysNo one is showing this shit movie 😂Ohhhh. Let's see we still have museum time next Saturday, right?YepOk I can take a hint lolWait no that's just me making sure that one is still locked in!Oh I thought you were saying I was greedyWhich I amYou're allowed to be selfish. I had a really good talk with someone about how it's good to be selfish, recontextualizing it as you're the only self you know.They put it really well and I'm not doing it justice here...Well then when are you free next? I want you..Would you be down for a low key evening on Monday? Dinner, watch a movie or some TV? I want to spend time with you and also show that I don't need the promise of sex to spend time with you.Although I do owe you, so I would be down for sexy time that is not at all about meI want to watch something and snuggle and order something and makeout and see what happens without as much time restrictionOk. So I never watched the princess bride. Throwing that out as a possible movie. But I'm also down to show you star trek DS9 if that sounds like something you're down for. Or just browse and see what strikes us in the moment.Did we talk about that movie or?Nope. Just throwing it out there as like. A common movie I've never seen that a lot of people are surprised I've never seen 😆I just swiped on a guy because his bio mentioned it. I'm a fan since childhood LolAlthough it super doesn't pass the bechdel testI'm not super surprised by that 😆Oh..  I could also cook for us. Maybe a chicken and rice or chicken and potato fish of some sort?I'm up for either. Although television lends itself better to interruptionOk, true I can cook you know. It's not something I advertise because I don't want anyone thinking I'm actually going to do it very often.But I have some culinary talent for sureThat sounds stressful though. Let's just be lazy...OkBut another time it could be super fun