
How am I supposed to believe I mean anything to you if you aren't willing to try? I am willing to try, I thought you just told me you weren't?I think maybe we're saying the same thing, but in different languages I don't want to wait around for you. I want you to treat me like prey 😻I don't think I said I wasn't willing to tryI'm just not willing to be a once every fortnight fuck buddy eitherNot ignoring you, but going into an appointment Ok. I don't really feel understood.. this is very much a snuggle conversation not a text one...You're making it so I'm going to cry in public while watching the wedding singer. I want you to know that lolYou said you didn't want to be a part of it in regards to my dating style. I don't know how else I'm supposed to interpret that other than as a declaration that we're looking for different goals.I'm down to talk about this in person but I'm not available right now for talking, I just finished up my appointment and am heading over to go hiking I feel like you aren't willing to try to make me feel special. It's fine. Feel free to make a grand gesture in two weeks when you realize you fumbled something special because you didn't act accordingly. You have my number. I really do like you. 😘 😘 😘 ❤️I just want you to bend me over something and make me feel like I'm yours every 4 days. I feel like I'm taking crazy pills that we can't even talk about the ideaI feel like we're genuinely speaking a different language like with the concept of missing. I really need to get my hormones checked. I'm going in a movie with a dying phone so talk to you god knows when. I suggest reading or watching stuff about the anxious attachment and avoidant attachment dynamic. I've found it very helpful for dealing with your brand of crazy. Maybe it'll shed light on how I work? I think I understand how you felt about that girl Hannah. I'll leave you alone until you're ready. Take your time. I'd also google bread crumbingI told you how I felt, what I needed to not feel used. That I wanted to feel special to you. You knew you couldn't give me that and you fucked me again anyway. And turned around and decided to bench me for two weeks. I want to know what my infraction was. How did I remind you of your ex this time? How did you justify doing that? I wanted to watch Star Trek and suck your dick on the regular while being cool with you fucking other women. That's the dream dude. A guy I was talking to told me that when people pull shit like this it's not me, it's because they're scared of something.I was starting to fall in love with you. That's really rare for me and you threw it awayI want you to know that walking away from this isn't about giving up on you. It's about choosing myself. I deserve more than almostYou're meeting your needs without regard for what I'm telling you my needs are. It's disrespectfulAnd certainly not "ethical"I feel sick. I hope you're just really this stupid and not just mean.I'm scared I won't get to talk to the real you again. Just this cold persona that's all strategic about the convo instead of just being honest. I'm genuinely confused because I thought I had communicated to you what I was looking for and what I was capable of. Maybe we just have different definitions of special. I thought we were understanding each other after we talked about it so many times. Maybe I'm just so afraid around communicating and understanding my own wants and needs, that hearing other's wants and needs doesn't quite get through and I'm not yet equipped to understand what I'm being told, so I'm only working on my partial understanding, not realizing something is missing. I legit don't know.I legitimately did not think I was withholding something from you, so yeah I'm dumb and not mean, I hope.I'd be interested in you addressing any of the things I said instead of picking apart what you see as my weakest point. Here I am confused again because you talked about me not addressing your wants and needs, and that's precisely what I am talking about? And I see that issue as the crux of the misunderstanding of our relationship?What are my needs?If I'm understanding any of this accurately, to feel special.Did you look up any of the stuff I mentioned?not yet, no. been running around and sort of just responding to stuff. haven't had a moment to sit down and breath and do research.I feel like you're trying to be right instead of seeking to understand me and how I view the situation. How I feel. Go back and reread what I said if you give a shit. I did.I let you do things to me that no one ever has. Then when I told you I didn't feel like your actions showed interest you stayed the course and let me stew a week even though I said it made me feel used. You used me again and pulled the same move, but two weeks this time. In what world do I not take that as a sign that you value your need for sex and your fears of rejection and commitment over my need to feel like I'm more than just a notch in your bedpost? You want it both ways. If you can only have intimate sex and you can't even risk being in a relationship, you don't get sex yet. People get feelings. You might too someday. So if exploring how deep that goes is off the table, I don't think you should be fucking people. Your loophole doesn't work. It's bad sex because you're not valuing the humanIf you go back and address the things that you conveniently ignored I'll talk to you. But something tells me that if our connection wasn't worth a little work to you, it won't be worth a lot of work. Like I said, you have my number ❤️I think maybe I see where our definitions of special depart. You value me. However, what I want is for you to show me you value me. To me that looks like wanting to spend time with me or telling me how you feel beyond robotic "beep boop. you are a girl. We have sex. We have conversations"God I really want to hate fuck you lolOr at least kiss you goodbye. I'm sorry I caught feelings. I'm sorry we met before we were ready. I knew it wasn't time yet. Talk to you later or I guess maybe see you in another life? 😘I am open to being friends actually, possibly. I can see it anyway, but it would need to be organic. In the future be careful with people who've been to extreme depths and healed. We can see you, love you, and leave all the same. Also don't break witch's hearts ok? I'm all white magic, but the universe has a crush on me and has a tendency to make people who don't learn the lessons learn them rapidly, the hard way.Were you doing somatic coregulation techniques on me?I need some time to absorb everything that's been said here and to think and explore myself and give you a proper response that's worthy of you. I need to take a week to myself to figure that out. I will reach back out to let you know where I'm at.If you could get back to me before Tuesday morning that would be ideal since I could use my therapist's helpEh I suppose I can just talk about it week after next. No rush sorryHi! I feel like you have questionsYou do know that controlling how and when we're allowed to communicate is another control tactic that results in another power imbalance right? Even if your intention isn't to be punitive, what I'm learning is to walk on eggshells around you.. I know you also need space so I don't know how you get that without mimicking the silent treatment. Or hot/colding. Or breadcrumbing. Like I know you. I know that's not your intention, but it is my experience.

Also do you have any siblings?