
What are you feeling conflicted about then? You were looking for fuck buddies and you found them right?

To be clear I'm looking for something serious and I'm willing to do casual to gauge my interest in that, but ultimately I'm looking for serious relationships

How often is regularly and do you have unprotected sex with other people? Again no judgement I just need to know to make a risk assessment

I'm scared too... I'm afraid of giving my time and energy to someone who can't give back. I'm tired of pouring out love for people who can't even receive it. I'm scared of getting addicted to you. This isn't a car I thought I was actually going to catch, you know? 


Relationship isn't a scary word for me. For me we're in a relationship. I'm in a relationship with my cat and my mom and my ex. I'm trying to figure out what this is and if it's something I want to keep doing. What it's going to be. 

Things have just felt easy with you, even when they weren't. The truth is you will hurt me. We already have of we're already listening to teenage nonsense music. But I trust you.

I'm also trying avoid some unhealthy behaviors and while it isn't your intention, the dynamic we're creating from my end is essentially an on again off again thing. This really triggers my anxious attachment style and makes me want to get codependent which I'm done with.  

Thank you for being a mess with me. 

What happened on Friday that had you feeling that way? I've been channeling sad green day songs like the September ends one and blvd of broken dreams, but also brain stew and long view.

I'm the only one that ever going to be able to love me enough.