
Neither of us can love each other the way we think we want, BUT we might be able to figure out how to love each other the way we need.

Because we both sabotaged each other, we can't count any of that data. We need a fresh start.

I'm being avoidant about responding. I'm scared of not being able to do this. I'm just going to hurt you again and that's a dealbreaker right? I feel like it's a forgone conclusion, but I'm communicating because I'm probably not seeing clearly. On some level I just think that's my lot in life. To have been hurt so bad I can never really connect with anyone. Because anyone who wants to be with me is going to hurt me and anyone who won't hurt me can find someone stable and has the self respect to go ahead and do it.

I want to check in. I'm still reviewing your message. I'm being a little avoidant about it because I'm scared. I'm not sure of what, but I'm concerned my delay comes off as devaluing you and I want you to know I'm just a little lost at the moment. I'll find my way back. 

Good morning ❤️ 

I'm taking some time to process your message because I'm feeling a bit overwhelmed. 

My biggest fear is causing you pain like that again, but I know I'm going to sometimes.

You said you cant handle that tho... I don't think I can be a safe person for you. Sometimes I worry that my past will always make connections difficult.

Even though I'm feeling a lot of fear and past hurts are making it hard to see clearly right now, I wanted to reach out. 




All I can do is try, but John, this is what trying looks like for me.

I'm not making excuses. I can all but guarantee progress, but I WILL hurt you.

I believe it might be worth it. I know I'm at least on the path talking to you. 

I'll stop talking AT you tho and try and get back to trying to give you a sufficient response. I just feel like there's nothing I can say.




I want to say I don't think I'm powerless to you nor my trauma response