
and so that's 11. my count of 9, i mayyyy have forgotten about gabby and arielle until i opened my phone to audit myself...i'm not spelling this out to scare you off, but to be as up front as possible with you about where i am and what i'm doingi don't want there to be a question of whether or not my definition of things lines up with your definition and i'm using a difference of definitions to hide behavior or anythingYou like attention lolWhat are you feeling conflicted about then? You were looking for fuck buddies and you found them right?To be clear I'm looking for something serious and I'm willing to do casual to gauge my interest in that, but ultimately I'm looking for serious relationshipsHow often is regularly and do you have unprotected sex with other people? Again no judgement I just need to know to make a risk assessmentyeah. i suppose i'm nervous about disappointing. i somehow didn't realize you were looking for only serious. I know it's not your fault I'm demisexual, but you having so many options so easily is certainly one more way things aren't very evenly balanced between us. I can't think of any balances of power that are in my favor actually with alex, we've had sex 4 times, i only came the last time with her when we decided to try unprotected sex. we both had clean STI tests before trying that. everyone else (so just michelle), i engage in protected sex. if i have sex with another person, it'll be protected. not sure how often alex and i will engage in unprotected sex and figuring out the testing scheedule and everythingWhat do they know about me?my interpretation of demisexual is like, you have to be real good friends with someone before you're interested in sleeping with them. which i think that aligns with me. you are the only one with whom i've shared any details about any othersI don't magically have that connection easily. I've had sex that I actually liked with 3 people total. All the threesomes and casual things did psychic damage lolI have to have actual feelings for someone to want to do stuff...I might need time to think about things too apparently UghSee I knew boys sucked actually yeah. so there was one woman i had sex with on the first date, janet. back in december. it was a pretty bad experience for me all around and we kinda mutually ghosted each other. i don't know if that would quite rise to being literally psychic damage, but that was something i needed to process and figure out. maybe i'm a demi-sexual-lite? like, casual doesn't seem to work for me. so like, that's part of why i think i'm going to have to cut michelle out, that whole situation is so casual that i just didn't feel it and i am sorta subconciosuly ghosting heri'm sorry ☹️I think you're kidding yourself that you can keep things casual. I get why it makes you feel safe though I had to tell someone to lose my number a couple days ago and that was not funI really liked him, but he was getting too sexual too fast and I wanted to just let him do it because I'm so sexually frustrated, but I know I wasn't feeling itPlus he's not tall enough to ride because I'm shallowhey, everyone's allowed to have their thing 😆Deidra and I are going on a second date. We haven't gotten physical, but we share a bunch of kinks and have talked about it. We're going to a buster Keaton movie on Thursday that they play R.E.M. overoh that sounds like a lot of fun! is it at the Loft?I'm talking to a childhood friend and we're flirting a bunch even though he's marriedYeahThat's a cool place, I hope you have fun! 😊I like knowing you're doing fun things that make you happy I tell my friend Alis all of my sexual exploits always including ours. She lives in Ohio so it shouldn't be a problem She's a poet. You'd like her actually And I'm talking to an unknown number of queer women who will never meet up because nobody wants to be the man lolSo we're all just sexy pen pals who live a mile awayI'm sorry... What if I tell you to schedule a date with one of them this Saturday?I've noticed you have a habit of just ignoring questions you don't likeAnd you're not the boss of me. Who do you think you are? My boyfriend?I do do that, but this time I'm not aware of a question I missed?I'm sorry, I don't. But I thought you were into the idea of me like dressing you up, so I was playfully inquiring if it extended to that?It would, but I'm just your friend that you like to fuck so it doesn'tI guess it wasn't a question, but I think there's a part of you that wants something serious even though you're scared. And that knows that getting involved with me would inherently mean something serious And frankly things sound like they're getting serious with AlexI'm not really putting a lot of thought into if things are getting serious or not. One term I've been wrestling with is relationship anarchist. FWB feels like too colloquial a term for what I'm interested in. But I'm also not interested in something as firm or serious as boyfriend/girlfriend. I wish there was a term in the middle. But I am trying to take a laid back stance and let things evolve naturally. But I'm also trying to listen to my body and how sleepy I am and how I've been neglecting my self in some ways. I'm just saying is I'd like our date to be a little closer to the weekend of the 22nd then the 15th?Again I don't need labels. I want someone who's putting serious thought into what the relationship is though. Because it is important to them.this may be my brain just not comprehending some things, but i have problems squaring "serious thought into what the relationship is" with "[not] needing labels". but this is because i need things to be categorized. i understand via categorization. which does make relationship anarchy extra chaotic for me which may present as freak outs from me. but you are important to me. when i bought the little stone bonsai tree, i was thinking about how maybe we could try to make something similar together, and that thought made me happy.there is a reason why i gave you a chakra pyramidmaybe i can't articulate it in a neat little package, but there is a reason why i looked at that, and decided on the spur of the moment i needed 2, and then the next thing i looked at was the bonsai trees and was thinking of you.I'm willing to explore things if you know that it's understood we're exploring the possibility of a relationship.ok, so i guess we should actually talk about what does a relationship mean to both of us. because i honestly am at a point where i don't know. and in therapy i have no idea. my therapist has been very clear it's ill advertised for me to jump into another relationship right now because i'm still figuring out who i am, and i'm liable to just warp myself around another person and hide myself again.I'm gonna be away from my phone for awhile okFeel free to get down any thoughts while I'm busy though My job will be to listen to Chappelle Roan and cry lolok. well i guess that's the main thing for me? i guess i am afraid of losing myself in another relationship when i'm supposed to be figuring out myself. figuring out myself includes new experiences which includes dating. but in therapy we've seen there are still deep traumatic experiences i haven't fully processed. i'm still a shell of a person and seeing how nervous i can get to talk about things sometimes is raising my guard. like honestly this entire conversation is a low-key trigger for me because i find myself needing to be on constant guard against myself to make sure i don't just start saying what i think you want to hear but what i am really feeling, and figuring that out is still like, a mess for me.and yeah last friday i had a weird day of listening to fallout boy and green day and crying. it was weird. i hadn't even listend to fallout boy when i was growing up.but i don't know what a relationship looks like. i guess part of it is i'm asking myself what is a relationship supposed to look like, and that's my old pattern of just going with societies expectations of a relationship or whatever label and just putting that on so i don't need to think about myself or life at all.which i think is why my therapist is so insistent i don't get into a serious relationship. i have no framework of what do i want a relationship with someone to look likeand i'm afraid of disappointing you. or feeling like i'm wasting your time. or hurting you.and i do want to be able to say "i need to have a quiet day", and you trust i mean i'm just going to sit in my apartment that day and read, and not be afraid of having that conversation.and i'm going to be in an appt until like 2:30just got out of a somatic therapy session. it was a bit eye opening about like, some deeper stuff. and why i sometimes get afraid around texts and notifications and stuff. i had a friend growing up in middle and high school, hannah. she was someone i felt like i could talk to a lot and i thought of as a close friend. but i also had a not so secret crush on her but she wasn't interested in me like that. but we'd be friends. but then one day i would say something she didn't like and she's snap and start yelling at me and then we'd stop being friends for months at a time before she'd decide we can be friends again. not exactly sure how that relates but it did come up in therapy today. and it was like about why app notifications in general scare me. a lot of it is to do with sanford on the work apps. but also getting texts and being nervous that like "oh it's time for this relationship to change in a way i don't understand that's outside of my control." and yeah maybe i can't control relationships at all. but like. yeah.and fears of both abandonment and disappointing. conflict avoidance and people pleasing. i don't know.Relationship isn't a scary word for me. For me we're in a relationship. I'm in a relationship with my cat and my mom and my ex. I'm trying to figure out what this is and if it's something I want to keep doing. What it's going to be.
Things have just felt easy with you, even when they weren't. The truth is you will hurt me. We already have if we're already listening to teenage nonsense music. But I trust you.
I'm scared too... I'm afraid of giving my time and energy to someone who can't give back. I'm tired of pouring out love for people who can't even receive it. I'm scared of getting addicted to you. This isn't a car I thought I was actually going to catch, you know?
I'm also trying avoid some unhealthy behaviors and while it isn't your intention, the dynamic we're creating from my end is essentially an on again off again thing. This really triggers my anxious attachment style and makes me want to get codependent which I'm done with.
Thank you for being a mess with me.
What happened on Friday that had you feeling that way? I've been channeling sad green day songs like the September ends one and blvd of broken dreams, but also brain stew and long view.That Hannah girl liked the attention I think. I'm sorry she treated you that wayyeah i was listening to the american idiot album on friday. i was thinking about protest stuff and how american idiot was my first concert and how it was supposed to just be a dumb teenage phase but like, here we are politically and it's that vibe still but dialed up so listened to that album and just forgot how emo a lot of it is and some feelings came up and stuffI'm actually doing pretty ok emotionally at the moment so if you need space let me know. You don't need to worry about managing my feelings.Do you know much about anxious attachment styles?i do not know about those at allalthough i'm beginning to suspect i'm extremely liable to themIt's also possible to date an avoidant person and become anxiously attached so a bit of column A, a bit of column BIf you want to understand my crazy better it will help lolI'm working on itAnd part of that is being willing to walk away from things. There's been many times in the past where I should have walked away and I didn't and I'm scared this is one of those times.if you think walking away from this is the best thing for you, i will honor and celebrate you making that decision.and i will be sad.but i will understand.I'm willing to schedule something and see what we're feeling then, but I can't say I'm not a little bummedFor what it's worth only people who've had feelings for me look at me like you dook, lets meet up on friday the 21st at 6 pm? dinner at my place, chat, play some board games? have some time where we can talk and see what we feel?You know how I feel. It's pretty evident from how much more bullshit I'm willing to put up with than usual. One of many imbalances that I'm noticingI don't want to schedule something that far out honestly. Let me know when you're ready to date? Or admit we're dating? loli feel like this right here might be a microcosm of the issue. to me, saying we're going to go on a date in 2 weeks _is_ dating. that is the speed at which i will sometimes want dates to happen at. sometimes more, sometimes less. i am good with a natural ebb and flow like that, and that's a part of my relationship anarchy i suppose, if i'm understanding that term correctly.It's what you're doing to keep yourself safe. So that you can have "good sex" that isn't cheating because it's intimate without having to commit or risk rejection. And that's fine, but I don't want to be part of it. I won't chase you John.That's not poly to me. That's just sleeping around with extra stepsAnd from what I'm reading a lot of poly people see it that way as wellyeah i don't think i'd describe myself as polyamerous, rather non-monogamous Exactly. Gotta leave love out of it. I've felt the sense that I'm basically not allowed to have feelings for you.I didn't mean to I swear lolI gotta drive for awhile you're allowed to feel the way you feel. i feel like i care greatly for my friends. but yeah maybe there is a mismatch in what that means for us. ok. so i guess that's it. i do feel sad about this and i am going to cherish the time i got to spend with you. it did mean something great to me. i would like to be platonic friends still if that feels ok to you? but i can understand how that might be a little cruel almost, to be a friend to someone you had deeper feelings for? but if that feels safe and good to you, i am for it. i also want you to be able to feel comfortable attending any protests or anything in the future and not feel weird if i'm there or anything like thatI just want to date you dude. Let me know if I can ok?Maybe I'm just fumbling relationship anarchy And youDid you not have deeper feelings?Like I'm basically just asking for you to communicate what it means for you?I don't want to be platonic friends. I just don't want to get strung along like I always have. I promised myself I wouldn'tI didn't want things to go like this. I just wanted to figure things out.. 